I'm here with Amy in fiction the most
charismatic couple I think so you think
has ever seen you guys had an incredible
hip hop routine today I'm tell me about
it how did rehearsals go they were tough
we had to work with props as well as
character the props just like catching
the napkins and opening up the menus and
trying to act like it was natural it was
a lot it takes a lot more than you think
so that was a challenge we had overcome
and as you could tell um I had a little
slippage but I got right back up no
one's perfect and kept going so you know
what does that feel like as an answer I
mean I know when like something happens
like that on stage like you just get
like I don't know what goes through your
body what did that feel like when that
happened um I still can't even remember
what happened it was so fast and I was
just like okay well I gotta get back up
I didn't even know that I fell until I
like walked off and I was like oh I
found my butt oh boy okay keep going so
I guess I'm off to see what it looks
like I don't know but I actually didn't
notice that you fell on your butt I just
saw a chair move oh my god awesome
that's perfect I got up really quickly
so how does that go for you this week um
I feel like it was really fun like I got
the honestly the character like I feel
like that's what I do
like I would really do something like
that like just kind of wait for my
moment you know set up a little music
you know let's get it on and just try to
like Rico suave a girl like I don't know
it was just so
it was so like it's something I would do
so I think I loved it like that much
more and then like what Amy said like
what happened like you couldn't even
tell because she bounced back so fast
and a lot of people don't know what to
do in a situation they panic but I feel
like it's just a performers instinct and
a true dancers instant to just keep
going no matter what like you slip up
and you get right out of it and at the
same time like it just at the end it
still came together like it was still
awesome and she kept her energy up which
kept my energy up which made it made it
the best day I'm speaking of
partnerships I mean the judges even said
that this is like you know one of the
standout partnerships you guys had what
do you guys think makes it that is it
just because you guys smile so much now
the chemistry that works I think we
generally feed off each other like when
when one of us is upset the other really
does feel upset so like we know when we
put ourselves in good moods like we can
really show that the chemistry on stage
and then vice versa we're really really
pumped and ready to go we like like in
backstage like okay let's do this we're
like we're ready to go so I think we're
we feed off each other I think we both
have like a lot of energy when it comes
to dancing and so it's fun to dance with
this guy on stage I seriously think you
guys could probably do anything on stage
and people would still love it because
like your charisma now I'm on a more
serious note because you guys are so
happy if a stranger would accomplish you
and say get in my car I'm gonna give you
some candy what are you guys gonna do
sorry sorry yeah I have candy at home
I'm sure you can say no I'm pretty sure
you guys would say yes yeah